Department
1. Request stationary will be routed to dept head to approve or reject (must insert comments for reason of request)
2. if approve, routed to store clark. Give status to the requester
3. if reject, process ends. Give status to the requester
4. Department head will appoint a Department rep. Department rep will determine which point to collect and inform the store clerk.
5. Department rep can delegate to other person to collect. ????
6. Tender process is outside the system, but will integrate later
7. Department will not know the stock count of their department, they will only know the request of their department
8. Only need to see from the catalogue
9. In the disbursement list, and at the collection point, there can be a change in the disbursement list
10. No inventory system in department level 
11. Will be able to update the collection point and update dept rep
12. The frequency of collection depends on the store clerk 
13. If there is a shortfall of the stock request from dept, either buy from other place or reorder again for next time
14. Must have leave from and leave to for dept head's leave



3 Mobile features (for dept and store)
A value add features (can be for store or for dept)
wireframe for mobile

Store Clerk 
1. Will send a charge-back 
2. Tender is done by finance department/ purchasing dept
3. Need to create a reminder if the retrieved is not equal to needed( means the stock qty is less than requested qty), so order from supplier again
4. Every item has a stock card for each item 
5. Every movement will need to record in the stock card
6. First come-first serve basis, to distribute the stationery to let's say 3 different dept
7. Stock clerk need to know the validity of the dept rep. Email sent to store clerk who dept rep to collect stationery
8. Need to show prove for acknowledgment of stationery 
9. ML in recommendation of reorder level and reorder quantities and trend analysis of stock item movements?
10. Tend to do overlapping activities for 3 store clerk(they go to store and retrive the same stationery and update the stock card )
11. Once store clerk take stock from warehouse, directly update the stock card, although the stock may not be passed on to the dept rep
12. if 3 suppliers don't have the stock, won't order from other suppliers
13. First In First Out in warehouse. 







